Assign Emission Admin - Ethereum, Arbitrum and Optimism (#229)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20240229_Multi_AssignEmissionAdminEthereumArbitirumAndOptimism/AssignEmissionAdminEthereumArbitirumAndOptimism.md

---
title: "Assign Emission Admin - Ethereum, Arbitirum and Optimism"

> author: "karpatkey-TokenLogic & ACI"

Reviewer: you must add a discussion link as i think uis can't handle it missing. snapshot you can leave empty.

---

## Simple Summary

> This enables various teams to distribute rewards across Aave v3 Ethereuim.

Reviewer: > Ethereuim

😅

## Motivation

> This AIP integrates four separate ARFC that each propose granting a team the privileges to distribute there choose asset across an Aave v3 deployment. The below summaries each iniative:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This AIP integrates four separate ARFC that each propose granting a team the privileges to distribute there chosen asset across an Aave v3 deployment. The below summaries each initiative:
```

- ETHx & SD rewards by Stader Labs
- osETH & SWISE by Stakewise DAO
- OP reward via an Aave Community SAFE
- ARB rewards via Gauntlet

The two LST providers are intending on using rewards to bootstrap the growth and adoption of there resepective LST.

The OP and ARB incentives are being distributed with the intent of migrating USDC.e to USDC on each respective network. These ARB and OP rewards were originally provide by the respective foundation and are not those belonging to the Aave DAO.

## Specification

> The `EmissionManager`, a governance controlled function, assigns the `Emission_Admin` role for a specified token on the respective network.

Reviewer: weird mix of writing: Now you have `EmissionManager`, `Emission_Admin` and later `EMISSION_MANAGER` ... better to just stay consistent (I'd suggest with the last one)

The `Emission_Admin` role controls the distribution of the specified token across the specified Aave v3 deployment.

The `Emission_Admin` can distribute the specified token anywhere across the Aave v3 deployment on the respective Liquidity Pool.

## Implementation

Set `Emission_Admin` permission for ETHx, SD, SWISE, osETH, OP and ARB to the following address:

**Aave v3 Ethereum**

> Address Reward (SD): `0x30D20208d987713f46DFD34EF128Bb16C404D10f`

Reviewer: as always, better do explorer links.

Address Reward (ETHx): `0xA35b1B31Ce002FBF2058D22F30f95D405200A15b`
SD & ETHx EMISSION_ADMIN: `0xbDa6C9cd7eD043CB739ca2C748dAbd1fCA397132`

Address Reward (SWISE): `0x48C3399719B582dD63eB5AADf12A40B4C3f52FA2`
Address Reward (osETH): `0xf1C9acDc66974dFB6dEcB12aA385b9cD01190E38`
SWISE & osETH EMISSION_ADMIN:`0x189Cb93839AD52b5e955ddA254Ed7212ae1B1f61`

**Aave v3 Arbitrum**

Address Reward (ARB): `0x912CE59144191C1204E64559FE8253a0e49E6548`
EMISSION_ADMIN: `0xE79C65a313a1f4Ca5D1d15414E0c515056dA90b4`

**Aave v3 Optimism**

Address Reward (OP): 0x4200000000000000000000000000000000000042
EMISSION_ADMIN: 0x3479CEb4b1fcaDC586d4c5F1c16b4d8c0D70Bc71

> The AIP call setEmissionAdmin() method in the emission_manager contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AIP calls setEmissionAdmin() method in the EMISSION_MANAGER contract.
```

## Specification

> The `setEmissionAdmin`, a governance controlled function, assigns the `EMISSION_MANAGER` role for a specified token on the respective network.

Reviewer: i commented that you changed the casing in every sentence, now you just replaces everything with `EMISSION_MANAGER`which is wrong. E.g. here should be `EMISSION_ADMIN` like it was before.
